Previously on
"Splitting Up Together"...
Lena:
We're pulling the plug.
The on-duty parent
will live in the main house.
Martin: And the off-duty parent
will be living in the garage.
Are you guys gonna be bored
with us gone all summer?
It's gonna be exactly
like when you are here!
Martin: We can share the house
for the summer.
Roomies?
Roomies!
You have a million reasons
why you refuse
to let go
of your ex-wife,
except the only one
that makes sense --
You're still
in love with her.
We're not roomies.
When we were married,
we were roomies.
Lisa Apple's pregnant.
♪♪
[ Creak ]
[ Thud ]
Lena: Ohh!
Martin:
[ Echoing ] Lena.
Hey. Come on.
Come on.
Geez, babe,
you scared me.
Ohh.
Here.
What happened?
Well, let's see.
We, uh...
Slept together.
Right. And then we --
Right.
And then your painting --
Fell on my head.
Yeah.
The painting --
it was an emblem
of my self-discovery,
and it hit me
where my mind is.
That's a sign.
A sign?
From who?
Um, the universe?
It saw us having sex.
The whole universe did?
And it was like,
"Houston, we have a problem."
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, so I guess the universe
is like Tom Hanks
from "Apollo 13"?
It must be.
Right.
Well, it's a very
interesting theory,
butIthink
the painting fell
because you didn't use
a drywall anchor.
A drywall anchor?
Mm-hmm.
And you may not
know this about me,
but I happen to have
a great many drywall anchors.
You do?
And if you let me
take the time
to hang your painting,
it will never...
[ Smooches ]
...fall...
[ Chuckles ]
...again.
♪♪
Are you trying to
hook up with me?
Because I was unconscious
like three seconds ago.
♪♪
♪ Keep giving me hope
for a better day ♪
♪ Keep giving me love
to find a way ♪
♪ Through this heaviness
I feel ♪
♪ I just need someone to say
everything's okay ♪
♪ Everything's okay ♪
Camille: There!
She's right there!
You're losing her!
I'm not losing her.
She's walking
inside the building.
What are you talking about?
Okay --
Okay, you're scaring
Grand Mal.
You're triggering her!
What do you want me
to do, Camille?
Follow Lisa Apple
into the apartment?
Hide out in the bathtub while
she pees on a pregnancy test
so I can tell you
what it says?
I mean, you'd have to
hold very still.
You know what? I'm not
doing this anymore, okay?
This is zero percent
our business.
Disagree.
Agree to disagree?
That hard candy counts
as your dessert, you know.
It's a throat lozenge.
It's [bleep] Zinc.
Zinc is not a dessert.
[ Spits ]
I'm so sorry, sweetie.
I love you so much.
Love you.
Martin: Whoa!
Are you cooking me breakfast?
It has been a while.
Hey, you know what
I really miss?
Hmm?
Those breakfast buns.
-Oh, yeah?
-Yeah.
What aboutthese breakfast buns?
Ooh!
[ Both chuckle ]
Mmm.
[ Knock on door ]
Both: Hi.
Daddy! Dad! Dad. My dada.
[ Sighs ]
Hey.
Hey. How you doing?
What's up, sis?
Hey.
How you doing?
Hey. What's up, boss?
What are you guys
doing here?
We might ask you
the same question.
You invited us over,
for brunch. Remember?
I don't.
She has a head injury.
I texted yesterday
that I was going to
the farmers market,
and Dad texted
that he wanted to come,
and you texted...
"Grab me some cilantro hummus
and come by after for brunch."
It does sound like you.
It does.
Yeah.
It definitely does.
Martin, a word?
Well, I can't be in
that much trouble, right?
You already gave me
your blessing. [ Chuckles ]
Let's go talk.
Whaaat the hell?
[ Door closes ]
I know. I know.
But I don't know.
I really don't know!
It just happened!
And now I'm feeling
very conflicted
and concerned
and uneasy.
Those are all
negative words.
But at the same time,
excited, surprised,
and aroused.
Aroused?
Well, not at
this precise moment,
but I am pretty pumped
about the hummus.
Good, and you know what?
I love it.
Who cares?
You're two adults.
You don't need to
rationalize anything.
You know why?
[ Chuckles ]
It's summer.
[ Gasps ]
Yeah!
And we all deserve
a little summer lovin'.
Okay, nowyou're rationalizing.
Who'd you
have sex with?
A guest at Milo's
birthday party.
It was a dad.
Wait, was it --
Jasper's dad. Frank?
Yeah, AKA "Sugar Beard,"
AKA "Country Music Face."
Wow, I can't believe
you already have
so many great
nicknames for him.
The nicknames happened
really fast.
That's a good sign.
So...
does Sugar Beard
know that you're pregnant?
Uh, no. But only because I'm a
really big fan of hiding things
that you don't want
other people to know about.
Gotcha.
So, right now, I'm just
gonna enjoy the honeymoon.
You know Martin and I
never had a honeymoon?
Why don't you go now?
I can't go on a honeymoon
with my ex-husband.
Why not?
Just go with the flow.
Well, I tend to violently
struggle against the flow.
[ Laughing ]
Yes, you do...
So just don't do that.
Don't do that?
Mnh-mnh.
Just go on a honeymoon.
Mm-hmm.
[ Gasps ]
Mm...
I think I can use my rewards
points to pay for it.
Now you're aroused.
♪♪
I just can't believe
that you two are this stupid.
Well...believe it.
Everyone else can plainly see
that you and Lena
are a much better couple
now that you aren't one.
You two are finally
in a good place,
and you want to just...
ruin it?
Ruin what?
Our divorce?
Ruin it with a second chance
at -- at love and happiness?
Oh, gimme a break.
You sound like a schoolgirl.
Well, then,
French-braid my hair
and drop me off
a block from school
so my friends
don't see you.
Okay, go ahead,
make your jokes.
But you're not
gonna be the one
to have to scrape her off
the floor when things go wrong.
Things aren't gonna go wrong.
It's different now.
Lena...
is different now.
♪♪
She is.
♪ Tell me,
when will you be mine? ♪
[ Clicking ]
♪ Tell me,quando, quando, quando?♪
Ahh! Oh, my God!
[ Door opens, closes ]
♪ We can share a love divine ♪
Hey!
Hey.
Thought you ran away.
Oh, believe me, I tried.
Every road leads me
right back to you.
Hey, that's romantic.
Mm-hmm.
[ Chuckles ]
I did something
romantic, too.
Yeah?
I booked us a house
in Malibu on the beach.
You did?
And it has
this amazing deck
with an incredible hot tub
overlooking the ocean.
And the bedroom has
a luxury king-sized mattress
from some fancy hotel.
It'll be like the honeymoon
we never had.
You see?
Old Lena never would have done
something like this.
Old Lena?
I'm sorry.
I know it's confusing
'cause you're older
than Old Lena,
but trust me, okay?
She never would
have wasted money
on something just for
the two of us with no kids.
You're a completely
different person.
Well, thanks.
I am so psyched
for this weekend, babe.
Mm, I'm gonna go
grab a quick shower.
Care to join me?
Oh, I literally just
showered and did my hair.
But sure!
Mm-hmm!
Yeah!
Yeah?
That's my girl!
♪♪
Okay.
Windows are locked, AC is off.
I've got aloe
in case of sunburn,
first-aid kit in case of injury,
snacks in case of hunger,
sweatshirts in case of cold,
coolant, get the trash.
Whew! Ready!
Great, okay. I'm gonna,
uh, load up the car.
[ Telephone ringing ]
Cool.
[ Ringing continues ]
Can you...
get the phone?
Oh, yeah, on it, babe.
Yeah.
[ Beep ]
Hello?
Mason: [ Loudly ]Dad? I'm
calling you from a pay phone.
The volume's the same.
You don't have to shout.
Dad, I-I need you guys
to pick me up early.
It's an emergency.
No can do, bro-chacha.
Dad, this is serious.
I spoke to Jules,
who went home for his dead
grandfather's funeral --
A funeral
implies he's dead.
And apparently,
Hazel is home from Fashion Camp.
According to Jules,
she's five times hotter
than when she left.
Like,
Ariana Grande hot.
And everyone's here
for it.
I've been mind-crying
ever since he told me.
You know what
mind-crying is?
Is it crying
inside your mind?
Four more days, bud, okay?
Just keep on mind-crying.
And if you feel like you have
to do a little mouth-crying,
I'm sure your bunkmates
will understand.
Got to run.
Wait, don't you
want to talk to --
Nope! Nope,
just send my regards.
[ Beep ]
♪♪
Ah, aren't you
a sight for sore eyes.
Yeah? I could say the same thing
about you, Sugar Beard.
You are easily the most
handsome man I've ever dated.
I appreciate your honesty.
I really do.
It's refreshing.
My ex...
she's a filthy liar.
Oh, she was?
D-Don't get me wrong.
There were good things
about her, too.
She had a super-hot body
and a pretty decent face.
But she wouldn't stop
with the lies.
And she was a two-face,
you know?
Total Gemini.
And to be honest, it's what
ruined our relationship.
Yeah, honesty is...
[ Clears throat ]
....key.
Can I be honest with you
about something?
Okay.
I'm crazy about you, Maya.
I really am.
And I love how your eyes
get all weird and squinty
when you get
uncomfortable.
I love how you laugh
without making any noise
when you think
something's funny.
I love how handsome
you know I am.
But most of all,
I love how forthright you are.
I really think
you might be the one.
[ Laughs nervously ]
Oh!
Um, would you excuse me
for a second?
I have such
an overactive bladder.
There -- There you go again
with the honesty.
I love it!
Get your pee on, girl.
Okay.
♪♪
All good?
All great.
[ Click, alarm dinging ]
[ Keys jingle ]
[ Clears throat ]
[ Click, alarm dinging ]
Wait, the car won't start?
Martin,
the car won't start?
There you go!
Another sign --
[ Engine starts ]
Hmm?
Would you stop thinking
everything's a sign?
The steering wheel
was in the locked position.
And if you want to
go looking for signs,
why don't you look
for some positive ones?
Like this.
That's the mix
Mason made for Hazel.
Is it?
Or...is it the mix
that Mason made
that got his parents
back together?
Oh.
[ Taylor Swift's "Style" plays ]
♪♪
♪You've got that long hair♪
♪ Long hair ♪
♪ Slicked back,
white T-shirt ♪
♪Slicked back, white T-shirt♪
♪ And I got that
good-girl faith ♪
♪And I got that
good-girl faith♪
♪ And a tight little skirt ♪
♪ A tight little skirt ♪
♪And a tight little skirt♪
♪ And when
we go crashing down ♪
♪And when we go crashing down♪
Both:
♪ We come back every time ♪
♪We come back every time♪
♪ 'Cause we never go
out of style ♪
♪'Cause we never go,
we never go♪
♪ We never go out of style ♪
♪We never go♪
Both: ♪ Just take me home ♪
♪Just take me home♪
♪ Home ♪
♪Yeah, just take me home♪
[ Laughs ]
Whoa!
Oh, my God.
Wow. Babe...
Ah!
...you are the queen.
Babe! Babe,
isn't this incredible?
It's amazing.
I mean, this is incredi...ble.
♪♪
Oh...the hot tub?
So what! Who cares?
I...cares.
Who needs a stupid hot tub
when we have this --
this whole entire ocean
to ourselves?
Well, I wasn't planning
on going in the ocean.
I have a head wound.
I was planning on
going in the hot tub.
Okay, well, change of plans,
right? Right?
Come on, let's go check out
the rest of this place.
[ Footsteps departing ]
Martin:
[ In distance ] Oh, babe,
you got to see this remote!
Martin:
Mm. Oh, my God.
The ocean is like a lullaby,
just lulling you to sleep, huh?
Hmm, yeah.
Yeah.
[ Chuckles ]
Does this mattress
feel king-sized to you?
What?
The mattress that
we're currently lying on?
Yeah?
I'm asking,
does it feel king-sized?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
Hmm. Interesting.
[ Breathes deeply ]
To me it feels cramped.
Well, maybe because you've been
sleeping alone for too long.
Maybe.
Maybe not.
The description said
"luxury king-sized mattress."
Mm.
Doesn't really
feel like either.
Mm...uh-oh.
Sounds like the old Lena.
Well,
Old Lena has a point.
Well...
maybe I can take Old Lena's
mind off the mattress.
Unh...
You know howshegets.
Yeah.
Mm.
I love a challenge.
That's why
I married Old Lena.
[ Chuckles ]
And divorced her.
[ Both laugh ]
Well, did shelookpregnant?
Well, no,
but it's probably early.
Yes, but, I mean,
did she have the glow?
I -- It's early for me,
but...
[ Chuckles ]
...look.
No.
I was saying
it's none of our business.
And I was saying
that it is,
which is why we need you
to be the tie-breaker.
Well, for a variety
of reasons,
I don't think
we should mention anything
unless we know for sure.
Actually, not for
a variety of reasons.
Just for one reason.
Lena and Martin
are sleeping together.
What?!
You got the hot goss
before me?
I'm only
mentioning it now
because I'm working
on my honesty.
Speaking of which...
one of you is not pulling off
that neck scarf.
[ Both gasp ]
[ Growls ]
♪♪
Martin:
Oh, look at that.
I mean, can you imagine waking
up like this every morning?
I absolutely cannot.
It's just --
[ Stammers ] No words.
Bliss.
It's bliss.
Hey, babe...
[ Sighs ]
...is it cool if I go
take a run on the beach?
And maybe some breakfast
on the deck when I get back?
Sounds great.
Unless it's gonna stress you.
It won't.
No, because I-I really
want you to relax.
I will!
I'm gonna slip on my suit,
lounge on that deck,
and see if I can make
any dolphin friends.
[ Imitates dolphin ]
Wow.
Babe, that's like --
that's like really good.
All right, I'm gonna, uh --
I'm gonna take off.
I'll be back in a flash.
All right.
Take your time.
Okay.
Enjoy paradise!
[ In distance ]
All right!
♪♪
[ Door opens, closes ]
King-sized mattress my ass!
[ Grunting ]
Where are you?
♪♪
Oh!
Now I gotcha!
♪♪
Yes.
Full! Ha!
It's a full,
you lying sons of bitches!
That's breach of contract!
That's fraud!
[ Waves crashing ]
Lena?
Well, Kirk, I'd like to
speak with your supervisor.
And don't send me
back to Patricia
because we both know
she's at lunch.
Kirk:Yes, ma'am.
Martin! Hey!
Well, well, what have we here?
[Beep]
Are you okay holding
for another minute?
Yes, thank you.
[Beep]
I don't suppose that was
one of your dolphin friends.
So you just spent
the whole morning
on the phone complaining
about this place?
Okay, just hear me out.
It was a full.
What was a full?
The mattress! I was right!
It was a full!
Lena...
And I texted them
pictures of the sheets
and of the filthy hot tub,
and they agreed --
it's not acceptable.
This is the happiest
I've seen you all weekend.
Woman:We're sorry. All of our
representatives are...
They issued me
a case number.
No.
No, no. No, no, no. Don't --
Don't -- Don't touch me!
Not like this.
We're on hold.
I just don't get you,
Lena.
You rented
this amazing place,
and all you can do
is focus on what's wrong.
It's like
you're missing it.
I'm not missing it.
I'm fixing it.
Did you even step foot
on that deck?
Yes!
When I took the evidence photos
of the hot tub.
Uh-huh.
And what about
the dolphins?
Did you even talk to them,
or was that just an act?
[ Imitates dolphin ]
No, do-- No, no.
Too late.
We're sorry.
All of our representatives...
I thought things
had changed --
You didn't think things changed.
You thought I changed.
...remain on the line...
I mean,
I'm supposed to be all,
like, light and bubbly
and talking to dolphins --
You brought up
the dolphins!
Well, that's because I knew
it's what you wanted to hear.
I'm supposed to bake buns
and lounge on the deck
and, oh, shower when you shower
even if I've already showered.
I asked you to shower!
I was being romantic!
I know. I know.
It's just -- We -- We're always
so focused on your needs
that you just -- you never stop
to ask what I need.
♪♪
Please continue to hold...
[ Sighs ]
What do you need?
♪♪
I need you to care
about what upsets me...
even if you don't
understand it.
This place
was expensive.
I used, like, six years
of rewards points to pay for it.
And I know you don't have
the same level of investment
because you didn't do
any of the heavy lifting
to get us here,
but if you could just
acknowledge what's wrong...
then maybe I could focus
on what's right.
♪♪
Patricia:Thank you for your patience.
I understand
you're dissatisfied
with the rental property?
Very dissatisfied.
Quite frankly, my dear,
this place is a dump!
The main reason we rented it
was for the hot tub,
and it's broken.
The bed isn't
as advertised,
and the downstairs bathroom
smells like a salty turd.
Sorry to hear that.
Not as sorry as I am
to smell it!
I understand.
Would a 50% refund
be satisfactory?
Hold.
Would a 50% refund
be satisfactory?
♪♪
[ Birds chirping ]
[ Dog barking in distance ]
Hi.
What?
Lisa, sorry to invade
your privacy.
But we need to discuss
what we saw you purchase
at the market.
Cutlets?
They were on sale.
I plan to freeze some
for later use.
We ain't here to talk
about the cutlets, sister.
We're here to talk about
the elephant in the womb.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Cut the [bleep] Lisa Apple!
Are you pregnant or not?!
Are the three of you aware
that Martin and I broke up?
I-I knew that.
I knew that, yeah.
I didn't know that.
That's really sad.
Okay, so, since Martin and I
are no longer involved,
the three of you are
no longer involved.
[ Southern accent ] So don't
even worry about it, y'all!
[ Door slams ]
What was up
with that accent?
I don't know.
What do you guys think?
I think we may have to ruin
Martin and Lena's weekend.
♪♪
Okay, just admit it.
When we were married,
we were afraid
to talk about anything
'cause every talk
led to a fight,
and every fight felt like
it might end up in divorce.
But now that
we are divorced...
The pressure's off.
I'm saying!
It's like divorce is exactly
what our marriage needed.
There's no clear signs
that say otherwise.
♪♪
Hi.
Hey.
Hey!
What's going on?
Is everything okay?
Arthur.
Arthur: What's up, bro?
Everything all right?
Maya: We went
to see Lisa Apple.
And we think
she might be pregnant.
♪ I hate you ♪
We don't know.
♪ For what you did ♪
♪ And I miss you
like a little kid ♪
♪ I faked it every time ♪
♪ But that's all right ♪
♪ I can hardly feel anything ♪
♪ I hardly feel
anything at all ♪
♪♪
♪ I have emotional
motion sickness ♪
♪ Somebody roll
the windows down ♪
♪ There are no words
in the English language ♪
♪ I could scream
to drown you out ♪
--Captions by VITAC--
♪♪
Anyway...